blog: add 1.3 announcement post (#1231)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: blog/2023-05-03-tauri-1-3.mdx

---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem'

# Announcing Tauri 1.3.0

![Tauri 1.3 Launch Hero Image](./tauri_1_3_images/header.png)

The Tauri team is excited to announce the 1.3 release. This version includes security improvements, new features and important bug fixes.

<!--truncate-->

- [Upgrading](#Upgrading)
- [Changes](#What%E2%80%99s-in-130)
- [Audit](#Tauri-13-Audit)

## Upgrading

Make sure to update both NPM and Cargo dependencies to the 1.3.0 release. You can update the NPM dependencies with:

<Tabs groupId="package-manager">
  <TabItem value="npm">

```shell
npm install @tauri-apps/cli@latest @tauri-apps/api@latest
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Yarn Classic">

```shell
yarn upgrade @tauri-apps/cli @tauri-apps/api --latest
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Yarn Berry">

```shell
yarn up @tauri-apps/cli @tauri-apps/api
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```shell
pnpm update @tauri-apps/cli @tauri-apps/api --latest
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

To update the Cargo dependencies, run the following in the `src-tauri` folder:

```shell
cargo update
```

## What's in 1.3.0

### NSIS

> The Tauri CLI can now create Windows application installers using NSIS. This new bundle target is also available in macOS and Linux as an experiment feature, so you can cross-compile your Windows installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tauri CLI can now create Windows application installers using NSIS. This new bundle target is also available on macOS and Linux as an experimental feature, so you can cross-compile your Windows installer. Documentation on the latter will be published soon.
```
